(API) Cluster Health report unassigned_primary_shards (#111727) (#112024)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/cluster/health.asciidoc

`unassigned_shards`::
    (integer) The number of shards that are not allocated.

`unassigned_primary_shards`::

>     (integer) The number of shards that are primary but not allocated. **Note**: This number may be lower than the true value if your cluster contains nodes running a version below v8.16. For a more accurate count in this scenario, please use the <<cluster-health,cluster health API>>.

Reviewer: A small suggestion to be inline with the language in the docs. After a quick look I saw that we do not use the prefix `v`, we just use the version number.
 
```suggestion
    (integer) The number of shards that are primary but not allocated. **Note**: This number may be lower than the true value if your cluster contains nodes running a version prior to 8.16. For a more accurate count in this scenario, please use the <<cluster-health,cluster health API>>.
```

Author: Sure thing. Have pushed that change :-)
